URI Request Parameters
The request uses the following URI parameters.

Bucket
The name of the bucket to which the multipart upload was initiated.

When using this action with an access point, you must direct requests to the access point hostname. The access point hostname takes the form AccessPointName-AccountId.s3-accesspoint.Region.amazonaws.com. When using this action with an access point through the AWS SDKs, you provide the access point ARN in place of the bucket name. For more information about access point ARNs, see Using access points in the Amazon S3 User Guide.

When you use this action with Amazon S3 on Outposts, you must direct requests to the S3 on Outposts hostname. The S3 on Outposts hostname takes the form AccessPointName-AccountId.outpostID.s3-outposts.Region.amazonaws.com. When you use this action with S3 on Outposts through the AWS SDKs, you provide the Outposts access point ARN in place of the bucket name. For more information about S3 on Outposts ARNs, see What is S3 on Outposts in the Amazon S3 User Guide.

Required: Yes

delimiter
Character you use to group keys.

All keys that contain the same string between the prefix, if specified, and the first occurrence of the delimiter after the prefix are grouped under a single result element, CommonPrefixes. If you don't specify the prefix parameter, then the substring starts at the beginning of the key. The keys that are grouped under CommonPrefixes result element are not returned elsewhere in the response.

encoding-type
Requests Amazon S3 to encode the object keys in the response and specifies the encoding method to use. An object key may contain any Unicode character; however, XML 1.0 parser cannot parse some characters, such as characters with an ASCII value from 0 to 10. For characters that are not supported in XML 1.0, you can add this parameter to request that Amazon S3 encode the keys in the response.

Valid Values: url

key-marker
Together with upload-id-marker, this parameter specifies the multipart upload after which listing should begin.

If upload-id-marker is not specified, only the keys lexicographically greater than the specified key-marker will be included in the list.

If upload-id-marker is specified, any multipart uploads for a key equal to the key-marker might also be included, provided those multipart uploads have upload IDs lexicographically greater than the specified upload-id-marker.

max-uploads
Sets the maximum number of multipart uploads, from 1 to 1,000, to return in the response body. 1,000 is the maximum number of uploads that can be returned in a response.

prefix
Lists in-progress uploads only for those keys that begin with the specified prefix. You can use prefixes to separate a bucket into different grouping of keys. (You can think of using prefix to make groups in the same way you'd use a folder in a file system.)

upload-id-marker
Together with key-marker, specifies the multipart upload after which listing should begin. If key-marker is not specified, the upload-id-marker parameter is ignored. Otherwise, any multipart uploads for a key equal to the key-marker might be included in the list only if they have an upload ID lexicographically greater than the specified upload-id-marker.

x-amz-expected-bucket-owner
The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned by a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status code 403 Forbidden (access denied).






Request Body
The request does not have a request body.


